Those are the completions in the database:

I went on netflix just to check what was up with that episode as the one that jontron didn't spend any time on and uh, yeah it's... bad...
...at least the festivities?”

I'm glad that I've one over you...
...were nothing else.

I went to a gas station to get a cup of coffee this morning but I didn't have enough cash, so I got a full tank of gas instead...
...the best for a beauty in Hallandren, apparently, a rather than any, should I was a person to trust her arched shoulder of haggling people watched as the door opened the gallery and above the royal family kings in her own complement of the annoyance or persuaded to lead directly to himself, of grapes in speaking to gain freedom to you.”

If only someone had invented a type of graph allowing us plot a bunch of numbers against time...
...this war.
Plus there was a feud between the OPEC (Saudi Arabia) and Russia; both decided to flood the oil-market, so storage is even more scarce than normal.

And to my surprise a bunch a people think it's easy to storage crude, but you need specialized infrastructure and environmental permissions to do that. Crude doesn't come in barrels either, so you can put it in your backyard!

In r/wallstreetbets they were recommending to buy 'the crude options' and dump it in open see or underground. I hope they were joking!

Edit: Also, most of this contracts are in hands of speculators that didn't have the intention to actually buy the crude: usually they sell it to people who actually need the crude. They work as intermediaries and got caught in the storm. Actually that's not that bad...
...as the room.

Just a long thread of blame and pointing fingers. The information we had about the aforementioned should have provided a strategy to deal with this. Instead, we have leadership that would rather pretend there isn't an issue than buckling down and planning to fix it.
US is no slouch in production. We have been neck and neck with those two countries but are being price gouged by countries that solely rely on Oil for a massive portion of their economy. Putting no blame on how this administration handled this showdown is ignorant at best...
...to a foot around it.

looks like a carbon copy of my cat's sleep schedule...
...left her time in thought, then finally stood.

Recreate that chart with zero blue lines and you've got it.......
...a large parasol to shield him from behind, chuckling.

It's brilliant advice, but only if you follow it the whole way. Vacuum when the baby vacuums. Do laundry when the baby does...
...she said, “I’m talking to marry the ground, blood coming back to indicate that shimmered in their marriage.

But they're cloth.....
...spinning it as the next part of thing.”

We stole it from Iraq!!
Oh....
...he just tell when you really mean their methods of the Returned God King may think.

I mean we had been deploying the national guard a lot lately...
...remembering their own to speak of course, that point.

The Soviet Union would be pleased to offer amnesty to your wayward vessel...
...than the baby.

Yes, fracking, the newest way of getting oil.....
...and gangs.

Yeah, Iran tried to do this long before Norway, but some strange western freedom-fighting country made sure Iran didn't succeed in doing so...
...didn’t shock her senses, for it to be safe.”

Iceland only has 300,000 people...
...will think first.”

The central valley has entered the chat...
...while cracking bones, made their interests.”

When the head of state is openly hostile to the press and the press is able to continue operating as normal that is proof that the press is free...
...of them and a piece to pursue his skin began.

Ummmm... only the flash backs were...
...planning, but Denth and found himself much attention?

Ah I will be careful next time :) I agree it does look better without apostrophe now that I see it...
...in an exaggerated way.”

COVID 19 also cause me head injury--after I saw people protesting the lockdown, I have to bang my head on the wall...
...and listened, she could feel the world had known, a war between Idris and Hallandren split.”

My poor brother works at the CA Capitol and he’s listening to honking all day.....
...would have his eyes, face scratched his clothing.

the east coast aint lookin too good...
...for the moment, and he shook his head in obvious frustration.

I see a honeymoon, but no wedding...
...night, moving his attacker by Lightsong’s head.

so you are saying the main character have the most air time???? amazing!!!! who knew....
...the official story would work against her skin.

I’m shocked about Ann! It feels like she’s always with Leslie.
I’m only up to S5 though so maybe she dies or something...
...like this?”

Mona-Lisa Saperstein only had 11 minutes?! This cannot be. I swore an entire season was all about her asking for money...
...to thug lords, murderers, and—most importantly—fed.
What? No love for r/lurkers smh

Edit: I’ve said too much already...
...turned toward her.
What about /r/changemyview ?

I think of all the bigger subreddits that one should easily get the longest. Lots of people going on and on and on about why the other person is wrong...
...with that many of the rope respond to that, her former life disappeared behind her.

I'm wondering why so many female athletes are not on the Forbes list......
...of fear.

Then you don't know the disaster the dutch train network is...
...not even at each night fell.

I'm surprised you used a map that focuses on the Pacific ocean but splits the most flight-busy part of the world in half...
...as easily contained.

And The Wheel keeps on turning...
...back at it,” Vasher continued.
And so the Wheel turns...

...in a green silk, but managed to empty his people.
[For those who don’t get it](https://reddit.app.link/7m3udTimQ5), I present to you...

...to find them back and throwing off the sky, spreading about talking about.
Metal Fantasy. This.... Kinda exists in a small way, but I really wish there were books and movies that are basically stereotypical, pulpy, sword & fantasy, but where the protagonist is a Gene Simmons rip-off, or a literal clone of Slash. In a world where the power of metal music can conquer and vanquish all. A story that is basically Conan the Barbarian, but if Conan had a cursed, electric guitar axe that he outright stole from Satan's personal collection.

The closest thing I can think of for what I'm after is the Metalocalypse cartoon, but with MUCH more fantasy elements pumped in. I'd love the absolute hell out of that.

The weird thing is that, what I'm describing is already a huge trope of metal music, so it really surprises me that there aren't really any portrayals of it in media. That "Brutal Legend" Jack Black video game is on the right track, but it seems to be on that track all by itself...
...to believe in his body, obviously.

I’ve even made a [discord](https://discord.gg/sbR4TKu) about the idea, though we’re admittedly kinda hurting for activity lately...
...that the former, though it a general health of Hallandren, apparently, gods at her more, if you any potential heirs have weaknesses.

What in the world...
...was missing a god,” Bluefingers said, continuing to Idris?”

What in the world...
...had gone from the cuffs.

Yeah, that was my first link in my post...
...set beside the bed linens had to meet her from human muscles.

Guess I can't complain 'cause it's free now...
...everything became brighter, now that I’m allowed herself so many soldiers ran toward several weeks I shouldn’t be a pleasure trip.

I also think the true ending to Amber Spyglass isn't always featured in every single edition. I have an omnibus edition that includes "lantern shades" which are tiny vignette micro fiction paragraphs, Pullman includes at the end of each volume. The last lantern shade in the last book is beautiful and the true ending in my eyes...
...falling to get used to send troops into the poise gave up the first time, Princess.